# HYPERNOX
#### Video Demo:  <URL https://youtu.be/jhVM936A0w8>
#### Description:
I created a Hypixel Bedwars stat tracker that tracks a player’s Bedwars stats. I wrote two scripts “app.py” and  “SkinRender.js”. The purpose of “SkinRender.js” is to handle the 3D player model on the stat tracking website. To accomplish this 3D rendering on an HTML website, I used the Minecraft API to get the player’s skin as a texture atlas. Afterward, I mapped the player model using Three.js, a JavaScript library.
The “app.py” is the main script that handles most of the functionality in the stat tracking website. While the script handles the GET and POST requests, it also collects data from the Hypixel API. One of the most challenging parts was understanding how the Hypixel API works. I overcame this challenge through YouTube videos and Hypixel Forums. After I got the JSON file of a player, I had to format the data into a dictionary for usability and efficiency. In addition to formatting data, the script contains helper methods for the jinja code in the HTML files.
The website's designs were influenced by other Bedwars stat tracker websites and other popular stat tracking sites such as “Valorant Tracker.” After looking through these stat tracker websites I began designing my website on “Figma,” a popular design website interface. I tried to go for a minimalist dark-mode design without much clutter. Since many stat tracker websites are outdated, I was able to take advantage of the new data Hypixel API supplied. For example, the K/D breakdown in the player’s stats on my website shows the multitude of ways a player may have killed or died in Bedwars.
After the design process came the transition to HTML and CSS, I used an in-built “Figma” tool called “Locofy” to help me turn my design into HTML and CSS. While the tool was not always accurate to my intentions, it proved helpful in the design process. Most of the struggles came with debugging and recreating some designs by hand. However, the hardest part was creating the button carousel at the very top of the website.
There are six HTML files “layout.html”, “homepage_layout.html”, “stat_page_layout.html”, “index.html”, “index_compare.html”, and “stat_page.html”. The HTML files containing “layout” in their name are the layouts used from the HTML files without “layout” in their name. I used “Jinja” to reduce redundancy in my HTML files. The “index.html” and “index_compare.html” have similar designs as they act as the homepage. The “stat_page.html” is the main bulk of the website which shows the player’s stats.
There are three main CSS files “styles.css”, “home.css”, and “stat.css”. The “styles.css” is global which means any HTML file can use it. The “home.css” is exclusive to the “homepage_layout” and the “stat.css” is exclusive to the “stat_page_layout”. These CSS files control the UI and simple interactions such as hover, scroll, and window-resize. For example, the carousel was designed entirely on CSS.
The automation of the stat display is done with “Jinja”. When formatting the data, I specifically focus on making it usable with “Jinja’s” functionality. I made a key-array dictionary after learning about hash tables and linked lists during the online CS50 course. By doing it like this, I could use “Jinja’s” for loops, which improved efficiency, reduced redundancy, and is a better design. Additionally, the helper methods from “app.py” made the data look better to the eye.
Many challenges came from debugging code and debating design choices. The most memorable highlights of failure brought about success. First, the creation of the 3D model was a pain from not only displaying the first layer, but second layer of the skin while ensuring it was animated. I debated whether to implement this feature, but I am glad I kept it. Second, the website's design was a struggle to figure out as I would debate between many designs on factors such as viability, look, and implementation. Third, understanding APIs and how to use them was a necessity for everything to work.
With the many challenges along the way, I am proud of how it ended up. From the player model to calculating the player stat ratios, from learning Three.js to APIs, from Python to Jinja, from Figma to code, and from struggle to success.
